District 1
District 1 is comprised of Walla Walla County, except the Burbank community in unincorporated Walla Walla County, Columbia County and Franklin County with the exception of Pasco, Washington.
(Revised at Fall Assembly 2012)
District 2
District 2 is comprised of all Spokane County, Pend Oreille County and Stevens County, and that portion of Lincoln County and Adams County to the east of a line formed beginning at the Spokane River and Highway 25 running south to Highway 2, continuing south and west along Highway 28 to Lamona, following the road there going south to Highway 395, following Highway 395 south and then Highway 21 until it meets the north Franklin County boundary.
(Revised at Fall Assembly 2011)

District 3
District 3 is comprised of all Whitman County, Garfield County and Asotin County, and those groups in Idaho who are south of an imaginary line continuing east from Spokane and Whitman counties and who have been granted a voice and vote by the Washington Area.
District 4
District 4 is comprised of all Benton County, Pasco in Franklin County, Burbank community in unincorporated Walla Walla County, and Klickitat County (except that southwest portion of Klickitat County which has meetings listed as being White Salmon).
 (Revised at Fall Assembly 2012)

District 5
District 5 is comprised of all Grant County, the portion of Ferry County which includes the Colville Indian Reservation, the portions of Douglas County and Chelan County that are south of Highway 2, including all of Leavenworth and Cashmere, and that portion of Lincoln County and Adams County to the west of a line formed beginning at the Spokane River and Highway 25 running south to Highway 2, continuing south and west along Highway 28 to Lamona, following the road there going south to Highway 395, following Highway 395 south and then Highway 21 until it meets the north Franklin County boundary.

District 6
District 6 is comprised of all Okanogan County, the portions of Douglas and Chelan County that are north of Highway 2, including all of Waterville, and the portion of Ferry County north of the Colville Indian Reservation.

District 7
District 7 is comprised of all Kittitas County and Yakima County. 
(Revised at Pre-Con 2012)

District 8
District 8 is comprised of all Clark County, those portions of Cowlitz and Skamania counties south of the 46th Parallel, and includes the southwest portion of Klickitat County which has meetings listed as being in White Salmon.

District 9
District 9 is comprised of all Pacific County, Lewis County and Wahkiakum County, and those portions of Cowlitz and Skamania counties north of the 46th Parallel.
District 10
District 10 is comprised of all Grays Harbor County, Mason County and Thurston County
District 11
Open for future expansion.

District 12
District 12 is comprised of all Pierce County north and east of a line formed by starting at the NW corner of Pierce County boundary with Kitsap and Mason counties, and going south along the boundary line to Nisqually Reach; thence north to an imaginary line adjoining 64th St. West and following it, continuing further east on an imaginary line to Custer Road West; thence south to South 74th following it east (even becoming 72nd St.) on to Canyon Road and continuing on an imaginary line straight north to the Puyallup River; thence east along the Puyallup River to the Puyallup Freeway (Routes 410 and 167) following it north to the King County line.

District 13
District 13 is comprised of the remaining portion of Pierce County; not covered by the boundaries of District 12.  That is:  all of Pierce County south of an imaginary point beginning at Puget Sound and where 64th St. West would meet it and following that imaginary line further east to Custer Road West; thence south to South 74th following it east (even becoming 72nd St.) on to Canyon Road and continuing on an imaginary line straight north to the Puyallup River; thence east along the Puyallup River to the Puyallup Freeway (Routes 410 and 167) following it north to the King County line.

District 14
148th Ave SE, north to SE 192nd St., west to District 14 is comprised of a portion of King County whose west border is Puget Sound, the south border is the King County and Pierce County line, the east border is the King County and Kittitas County line and the north border is a line that begins at Stampede Pass following the county road southwest and then the trail west following the Green River to Route 169, following Route 169 north to SE 232nd, northwest to SE 224th, west to 108th, north to SW 43rd, west along 180th to Interstate 5, south along Interstate 5 to Kent des Moines Rd, and following Kent des Moines Rd, west to Puget Sound.


District 15
District 15 is comprised of a portion of King County:
The western boundary is the eastern shoreline of Lake Washington beginning from an imaginary point where NE 8th St., Bellevue meets Lake Washington, traveling north to the point where 61st Avenue NE meets the shoreline of Lake Washington and continues to the King/Snohomish County line.
The northern boundary is the King/Snohomish County line from 61st Ave NE, to a point 5 miles east of Highway 203 and the County Lines.
The eastern boundary is an imaginary line that is 5 miles east of Highway 203 and the King/Snohomish County lines, extending south towards Pleasant Hill, or the extended imaginary line, eastward, of NE 8th Street from Bellevue.
The southern boundary is an imaginary line following NE 8th Street directly west from an imaginary point 5 miles east of Highway 203 to the eastern shoreline of Lake
Washington.
All meetings north of NE 8th Street are registered in District 15; all meetings south of NE
8th are registered in District 16.
We have defined an area "5 miles east of Highway 203," to assist all future AFG meetings which may locate on the eastern side of Highway 203, but which will not have access to the districts which border District 15/16 to the east.
(Revised at Pre-Con 2012)

District 16
District 16 is comprised of a portion of King County where the western border begins at the southern tip of Mercer Island then follows the western shores of Mercer Island going northeasterly to the shores of Lake Washington at NE 8th ST. Bellevue, the north border is an imaginary line running directly east along NE 8th St connecting to Inglewood Hill Rd then to Highway 203, the east border follows Highway 203 southeasterly to I-90 at North Bend, the south border follows I-90 west (including Issaquah, Newport, Eastgate, and Coal Creek Pkwy) to the east shores of Lake Washington, southwesterly to the southern tip of Mercer Island.

District 17
District 17 is comprised of a portion of King County whose west border is Highway 167 until 84th Ave S where the boundary becomes Lake Washington and runs on north to where it would join SE 68th St., runs in a southeasterly direction to Coal Creek Parkway SE, to SE May Valley Rd, to Hobart Issaquah Rd, following I-90 east to Hyak and then SE to the source of the Cedar River, following the river to 276th Ave SE, south to 272nd (Kent Kangley Rd).
(Revised at Fall Assembly 2011) 



District 18
District 18 is comprised of a portion of King County whose west border is Puget Sound, northern and eastern border is formed by a line from where Barton St. would meet Puget Sound going straight east to 14th Ave. S., north to East Marginal Way and following it northwest around the northern end of Boeing Field and then south along I-5 to the Boeing Access Road, east to Route 900, southeast to Route 167, south to SW 43rd, and the southern boundary to run west following south 180th to I-5, south along I-5 to Kent des Moines Rd west to Puget Sound.

District 19
District 19 is comprised of a portion of King County which includes Vashon Island and a portion of the mainland whose west border is Puget Sound, northern border is formed by a line beginning where Puget Sound and S. Atlantic St. would meet and following that line east along S. Atlantic St. and I-90 to Lake Washington, the eastern border would follow the shore of Lake Washington north to NE 65th, eastern border is Lake Washington and southern border is formed by a line from where Barton St. would meet Puget Sound going straight east to 14th Ave. S. to East Marginal Way and following it north around the northern end of Boeing Field and then south along I-5 to the Boeing Access Road, east to Route 900, southeast to Route 167, north on Highway 167 until 84th Ave S where the boundary becomes Lake Washington.

District 20
District 20 is comprised of a portion of King County whose area is formed by a border on the west of Puget Sound, the northern border is formed by an imaginary line from the point where NW 65th and Puget Sound would meet going east following the southern shoreline of Green Lake, and continuing east on NE 65th to Lake Washington, the eastern border is Lake Washington and the southern border is formed by a line beginning where Puget Sound and S. Atlantic St. would meet and following that line east along S. Atlantic St. and I-90 to Lake Washington, the eastern border would follow the shore of Lake Washington north to NE 65th.

District 21
District 21 boundaries are as follows:
West:	Puget Sound
South:	65th, from Puget Sound around the southern tip of Green Lake to Lake
	Washington
East:	Lake Washington
North:	175th, from Puget Sound to Lake Washington
(Revised at Pre-Con 2012)







District 22
District 22 boundaries are as follows:
West:	Puget Sound
South:	175th, from Puget Sound to Lake Washington to 61st in King County
East:	61st in King County (becomes Locust Way in Snohomish County), to I-405,
	to I-5 North to 148th
North:	148th, from I-5 to Puget Sound
(Revised at Pre-Con 2012)


District 23
District 23 boundaries are as follows: 
West: Puget Sound including the southern portion of Whidbey Island from the southern tip up to the northern city boundary of Greenbank. 
South: 148th, east to I-5 along I-5 south to I-405 south to where it intersects Locust 
Way; south to the King/Snohomish County line to the mountains 
East: Foothills of the Cascades 
North: 116th Street in Marysville, from Puget Sound to Cascades
 (Revised at Fall Assembly 2012)

District 24
District 24 is comprised of all Skagit County, San Juan County and Island County except Camano Island and the southern portion of Whidbey Island from the southern tip up to the northern city boundary of Greenbank.

District 25
District 25 is comprised of all Whatcom County.

District 26
District 26 is comprised of all Kitsap County, including Belfair and Allyn in Mason County.

District 27
District 27 shall be comprised of all Clallam County and Jefferson County.

District 28
District 28 is comprised of part of Snohomish County, north from 116th Street in Marysville to the Snohomish/Skagit county line, west to include Camano Island, east to the Cascade Mountains, including Granite Falls.

